ROX-15135: Reorganize requirements structure and add recommended requirements (#61935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/acs-requirements.adoc

Reviewer: Line 40:

- `{ibm-z}` is the updated variable for IBM Z.
- secured cluster services shouldn't be capitalized

Line 51: 

Is the solid state drive bullet supposed to be at the same level as PVC or a sub-bullet of PVC as it is now? (I wasn't sure)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/acs-requirements.adoc

> :_module-type: CONCEPT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_content-type: CONCEPT
```

Author: Fixed it! Tnx! I have noticed that we have a mix of `_module-type` and `_content-type` in our repo.

> [id="acs-general-requirements_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="acs-requirements_{context}"]
```

Reviewer: ID needs to mach the module filename (see [guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#module-file-metadata)).

> 

Author: I have reorganized this doc a bit to improve bullet points and sections. I'm open to suggestions if you have some ideas on how to improve it.

> To install {product-title}, you must have:

Author: I think that `one of the following systems` fits better.

* {ocp} version {ocp-supported-version} or later, and cluster nodes with a supported operating system: {op-system-first}, {op-system-base-full}.
+
or a supported managed Kubernetes platform, and cluster nodes with a supported operating system: Amazon Linux, CentOS, Container-Optimized OS from Google, {op-system-first}, Debian, {op-system-base-full}, or Ubuntu.
+
For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/node/5822721[{product-title} Support Policy].

* Cluster nodes minimum requirements:
** *Processor and memory*: 3 CPU cores and at least 6 GiB of RAM.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Please take a detailed look at each component's default Memory and CPU requirements below and ensure that node size can support them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the default memory and CPU requirements for each component and ensure that the node size can support them.
```

Reviewer: Avoid using directional terms like "below," "above," etc. per IBM Style.

> Please take a detailed look at each component's default Memory and CPU requirements below and ensure that node size can support them.

Author: WOW! I'm blown away by the word usage list.
